Privacy Policy for Simlog

Privacy Policy
Last updated: January 01, 2025

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures for collecting
and using Your information when You use the Service,
and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

Interpretation and Definitions:
Interpretation:
Words with a capitalized first letter have the meanings defined in the following terms.
The following definitions have the same meaning regardless of whether they are used in the singular or in the plural.

Definitions:
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

Application means Simlog, the software provided by the Company.
The Company (referred to in this Agreement as the “Company”, “We”, “Us” or “Our”) is an individual entrepreneur Evgenii Chekmazov.
Country refers to: Russia
Device means any device that can access the Service,
such as a computer, mobile phone or digital tablet.
Personal Data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual.
Service refers to the Application.
Usage Data means data collected automatically,
either generated when you use the Service,
or from the Service infrastructure itself (e.g. length of a page visit).
You means the individual accessing or using the Service,
or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service,
as applicable.

Collection and Use of Your Personal Data:
Types of Data Collected: Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically when you use the Service.
Usage data may include information such as the time and date of application use, time spent in the application,
the number of active SIM cards in the phone,
the name of the SIM card, the signal strength of the SIM card,
the type of data transfer used by the SIM card.
The collected data is used only in the application itself,
including in the user interface.
The slot number and the name of the SIM card are used to display to the user the active SIM cards that the application can work with.
The slot number and the name of the SIM card are used in the name of the files created by the application,
which store the history of changes in the network signal strength and the type of data transfer.
The data in the files is stored in the format (minute number, data transfer type, network signal strength).

Storage of your personal data:
The Company does not store your personal or other data.
Usage data is stored on your device in the application folder (/Android/data/com.safelogj.simlog/files/).

Deleting collected data:
You have the right to delete all files with collected data in the application folder (/Android/data/com.safelogj.simlog/files/).

Links to other sites:
Our Service may contain links to other websites
that are not operated by Us. If you click on a third-party link,
you will be redirected to that third party's site.
We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the content,
privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

The Application uses third-party services
that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the application
LLC Yandex https://yandex.ru/legal/confidential

Changes to this Privacy Policy:
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time.
We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will notify you with a prominent notice on Our Service prior to
the changes becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy for changes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

Contact us:
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us:

By email: simlog-app@yandex.ru
